Add security considerations around untrusted code execution (#60)
danielfett/draft-dpop: main.md

proofs that carry an `iat` time in the reasonably near future (e.g., a few
seconds in the future).

## Untrusted Code in the Client Context

If an adversary is able to run code in the client's execution context,
the security of DPoP is no longer guaranteed. Common issues in web
applications leading to the execution of untrusted code are cross-site
scripting and remote code inclusion attacks.

If the private key used for DPoP is stored in such a way that it
cannot be exported, e.g., in a hardware or software security module,
the adversary cannot exfiltrate the key and use it to create arbitrary
DPoP proofs. The adversary can, however, create new DPoP proofs as
long as the client is online, and use these proofs (together with the
respective tokens) either on the victim's device or on a device under
the attacker's control to send arbitrary requests that will be
accepted by servers.

To send requests even when the client is offline, an adversary can try
to pre-compute DPoP proofs using timestamps in the future and
exfiltrate these together with the access or refresh token.

An adversary might further try to associate tokens issued from the

> token endpoint with a keypair under the adversary's control. One way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token endpoint with a key pair under the adversary's control. One way
```
Pretty sure it's two words. That's how the rest of the doc has it.
